these goats do they're all spooky I'm
gonna pick that one over I'll cross the
street
forty years ago on Halloween night
Michael Myers murdered three people
after that horrific night he was sent
back to the institution in captivity
I have prayed every night that he would
escape hell did you do that for
so I can kill him the bus crashed
Michael Myers escaped he returned to
having filled his home I need to protect
my family you have no security system
Karen you need help
evil is really
there's no reason we're supposed to be
afraid of this light I've been preparing
for this for a long time it is not safe
to be on the street tonight he's here he
is a killer
but he will be killed tonight
happy Halloween Michael
you
[Music]